Add support for verifying reply addresses (#2)
vb-linetco/node-ping: README.md

 * @property {string} sourceAddr - source address for sending the ping
 * @property {number} packetSize - Specifies the number of data bytes to be sent
                                   Default: Linux / MAC: 56 Bytes, Windows: 32 Bytes
 * @property {boolean} verifyReplyAddress - Enables verification of reply addresses,
 *                                          Default: Linux: false
 *                                          Other platforms do not need this option.
 * If set to true and a reply is received from an address which does not match the parsed

>  * `PingResponse.numeric_host` then the timing information is discarded.

Reviewer: > then the timing information is discarded

this is rather technical and describes the implementation.

```suggestion
 * `PingResponse.numeric_host`, the ping response is ignored.
```
